r/iam_instance_profile - add tagging support to instance profile + sweeper (#17962)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/iam_instance_profile.html.markdown

* `name_prefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `path` - (Optional, default "/") Path to the instance profile. For more information about paths, see [IAM Identifiers](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html) in the IAM User Guide. Can be a string of characters consisting of either a forward slash (`/`) by itself or a string that must begin and end with forward slashes. Can include any ASCII character from the ! (\u0021) through the DEL character (\u007F), including most punctuation characters, digits, and upper and lowercase letters.
* `role` - (Optional) Name of the role to add to the profile.

> * `tags` - Key-value mapping of tags for the IAM Instance Profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) Map of resource tags for the IAM Instance Profile.
```
